---
author: ting
title: "How to Relax"

---


Hi, it rains. I have read six books in 2016 by WeChat reader. And fourteen books in 2017. And eight books since 2018 starts. I have not read through one book there for three months. Of course, I am preparing the exam of PMP. But I find I still have many hours to be spent if I hurry up. So, what can I do to relax? Relax? I heard that human should always be curious, and get down to learn. There must be some good way to relax classically. What about reading some interesting books? Like jokes and comics. Does relaxing mean doing nothing? Or doing something for entertainment?

But why I want to do nothing? Why I want to be entertained? Maybe because I am tired. I think the best way to do nothing is sleep, or nap. Games might be useless things. But useless is not nothing. It takes time but gains more tired. So, staying away game will be a smart decision. What about hobbies? Hobbies should not be an excuse for relaxing. Any hobby takes time and should get me exhausted. Otherwise, it is not hobby, it is just for fun. And funny things are similar to games.

Will it be boring if I give up time to do useless things or silly things? Might be. But I will be a better human. It is time for me to say: I will never play the game mentioned yesterday again. I think I am relaxing during the day. It is a big problem. Someone will consider it as being lazy. So, it is more clear. I can read or nap except learning.

What is learning? Does it have something to do with relaxing? Since I have not got a job outside, learning is the only right thing I can do. Learn how to cook or behave. And do everything consciously and conscientiously. It is not easy to be a better human. First, spend time cleverly.

2018.8.17