---
author: ting
title: "Prepare for the PMP 1809"

---


I am going to write three parts of the preparation for the exam of PMP this summer in September. It has been two months since I pay the thousands of yuan to the training agency. What is going during these days? I am talking about it.

There are five classes for me to attend. And now all are done. Before I attend the first class, I skimmed through the book named PMBOK, which is sixth edition. It was structed by the plan from the training agency. And then I throw it away. I turn to the notes from them.

Also, before I attend the fifth class, I finished the exercise book for every chapter. And I realized that PMBOK is more important than the notes. It was time to read the book again. So, I begin to get down to the book. What?

Here come five more test papers in the form of mocks. So, I try to finish them day by day. It was not easy for me. And I got lower points than expect. I know it will be better if I do more exercises and read the PMBOK carefully. But time is limited.

I have to hurry up or give up. Time flies. I have finished three of them. Point goes up a little bit, but still lower than expect. Do you know how much should one get to pass the exam? No. I do not know actually. Let me find it.

It is not clear anywhere. And I am not going to read the official paper from PMI. I just do what I can do. So, next, I will read PMBOK once more in English, and finish the remain test papers and lectures. If I will have more time next than this week, I can do the exercises from the APP. Also, I receive three more notes from them this afternoon. I will read them tomorrow. See you next time.

2018.8.14