---
author: ting
title: "Checklist First"

---


Hi, did you get up with your affairs? Almost, if I finish this essay. Control myself. Check the checklist to be a better one. There are no body else whom I knew as myself. I agree with the decision from me yesterday. Little by little.

Why I am late today? It is because of “The Voice of China”. But it was worth it. Now I turn on the music, listening to the old songs from Peter Chen, who is more than seventy years old. No more words for him. Please to find the old songs and enjoy them. Cute and warm.

Not only the videos, I have several tools to expend my time causally. I used to do that. Like playing MOBA online strategy games more than 10 hours per day, such as Heroes Evolved, Dota2. What a nice day! Exciting and enjoying. And what? And several friends together. It is a pity that we do not play it anymore for causal, but we put ourselves into the real river of time. The real time in the real world. More time to be silent and thinking nothing.

Get things done please. And you might receive the gift from destiny: true peace. I am going to be a person who will be anxiety without finishing the to do list. Of course, I am adjusting it. Since I could not ignore it. It takes time for me to access this. The first thing I should do is to figure out what I want to get in the near feature. Then, everything comes easily.

But I was holding a totally different view a few days ago. Tomorrow might not come in time. Tomorrow may be not available for me. So, I choose to live today. Seizing the moment is enough. Is that the reason that I am not good at making plan? Well, for the destination, here is the journey, though the destination is not important. Destination can be changed or ignored, but it cannot be missing. See you next day.

2018.8.11