---
author: ting
title: "Smart Goal"

---


Hi, I stay in room all day long. I am absorbed in a game similar with Click Hero. It is really interesting for me. I feel happy to see the quick feedback. And what? I find the producer or game designer change the UI this night. It looks a little bit different with what it looks like during the day.

But I feel sad, too. Because I spend so many time on it. And I will do better tomorrow. Just check it as many times as the chicken raising game. That is a good idea. And it is a smart goal. What do you think? Have you been addicted to something like me?

I think finding a better goal to master the interesting, which is too charming to ignore, is pretty smart. So I call the method smart goal. Also, it is a method for management. I learn it from the notes of PMBOK. Smart stands for five vocabularies. They are specific, measurable, attainable, relative and timely.

The goal must be specific. Then it could be measured. Like egg is rolling one by one, and you could catch one and crack it. You can find two main parts in egg. Right? What about an egg which has not been outputted from mother chicken? It was not attainable. Maybe you could wait for more time to meet it, or get it cruelly and bloody. I do not think you are too boring to crack an egg without any relative ideas. Maybe you want to cook Omelet Egg, or you try to flour something stable. Last, it always considers time. Baseline or deadline. In any case, I should hardly forget time. I am not doing it well. So what about one smarter goal?

Let me see. Self-denial might be good. It depends what I am doing. Smart goal first. See you next day.

2018.8.16