---
author: ting
title: "Secret of User Experience Analysis"

---


Hi, it is hot today. But it had been raining for a while this morning. Nature is powerful. So as the user experience. Today, I am going to talk about the methods for user investigation. It is not thought out by myself. I read a book named “UX and UT”.

I want to say three aspect of UX, from “why” to “what” to “how”. First, I will copy three key points of usability. Then introduce four principle of user centered design. Last, I will skip through the focus group interview and shine out the master model. Here we go.

So, why user experience matters? The author who comes from Japan says about usability. And usability is kind of “can”, not “easy”. And there are three key points we can measure it. First, it is effectivity. It means all things worth the time spent on it. It works. Second, it is efficiency. It means things are done quickly. It works fast. Third, it is satisfied. It means happiness. Hey, just do the first one first, then then.

And what matters user experience? User centered design. Here is four points for UCD. First, user talk is kind of shit. What an excellent designer or manager should do is never just listen what their customer are speaking out, which is just about user experience not their real purpose. Second, please design for one single user, not for everyone. Third, please stretch it to you design it. Fourth, make mistake faster.

Well, how to matter user experience? Or analyst it? Here is an old method named focused group interview. Six user come together and this special interview will last about two hours. Actually, there is about sixth minutes for everyone. It is professional and historical. Some American specialists think master model works better. Who is the master in the interview? Of course, the user is master. That is all. I am going to read another day.

2018.8.15