---
author: ting
title: "Why AM I Tired"

---


Hi, I am tired these hours. I could not read English books by myself if it is urgent. When I turn to English book, I find that I prefer to read books in Chinese. But when I turn to Chinese books, I feel sleepy, hungry and tired. Why am I tired so quickly? Is there anything wrong?﻿

When I find I forget the password for Microsoft and so I can not use Microsoft Word App by ipad, I feel upset. But I can not say I am sad. Cute! It helps me recover. And I begin to analyze what happens when an English book or a Chinese book put on my desk.﻿

The contens of the English book and the Chinese book are the same. So as pages. But they are professional books. So more attention needs to be paid, with logically reading.﻿

Then, the books are not storytelling. So more attention needs to be paid again, with focusing eyeball. It might not be boring, because it can be interesting to a human who are interested in its content though the style is not storytelling. But it was boring to me at that time.﻿

That is the feeling of boring. Boring is a big enemy. What about the Chinese book? I do not think it is boring. But I feel I know the main contents and I am not willing to read once more. Yes, I read it before. But I should check if I miss something. It seems not working if I must myself to read.﻿

It is more clear now. Boring because poor English reading skill. Ignoring because method is not right. Maybe I can put down the books and do some exercises, then solve some relative problems. I think things would be better. Also, if I fail some blocks, I can really find where I miss in the book. Good night.﻿

2018.8.19