---
author: ting
title: "How to Avoid Sad"

---


Hi, it is the first time I use Microsoft Word on mobile device. It is pretty good. I think it feels simple but useful enough for me, better than WPS. After all, I mainly want to have better experience in vision and checking out the numbers of words. The words in WPS is too small for me, and scale can not be adaptable. So, when I know what I am exactly going to do, I will not feel sad. But there are sad moments. It feels not good. How to avoid it?﻿

Never do something I have not think through. Then I will not be so sad about the result. There are things that I can not control. Also if it fails to me, I will not be sad. Because it is not my fault. But if it is my fault, I will feel sad at last. How to avoid it?﻿

What is fault? I think it matters time. I think one decition is right yesterday, but I may think it is wrong today. Because I am being elder everyday. And so is my thought. So, when I talk about one fault, it must be a fault at that moment. So is something right.﻿

Now, it is more clear to find the right way to avoid fault or sad. But there is still one topic remaining. That is sunk cost. Being a human, it is so common to be sad about sunk cost. It is reasonable. But it could not lasts for more than ten minutes, I think. And it needs good mood and good manner. Practice it, if it is very difficult to me.﻿

Okay, it is time to speak out the method of avoiding sad now. It seems really easy. Just think twice before your action. Then every time you do what you choose, and you will not be sad. You can only get learned lessons. What a clever hunman I am! Maybe boring. See you next day.﻿

2018.8.18﻿