---
author: ting
title: "Plan for Team"

---


Hello, there is typhoon outside. And the plan of running made after dinner is canceled. Today, I will talk about something about team. So, what is team? Is it a kind of measure for size? For the number of members? Or for the complexity of the mission?

No. I think it is talking about capable and the efficiency. You can do it, if you could do it yourself or you had a member who can do it in your team. That is team. You can do it in a hurry. Or you can do it with your teammate happily getting things done in time.

I am not thinking out it all day long. I watch titbits of a popular TV series these days, acted by Yang Zi, Deng Lun and other actors. And find out the importance of team work. Also, profession is team based.

Skillful persons join to make the TV series and movies. And many other productions. They learn many things from Hollywood. Everything is good enough for me. They work as a team. I learn from them. Since it seems to be one of their master pieces. Team is necessary. And the time for single hero is gone.

Is it, right? Maybe not. Because the director Zhu is so powerful. He controls every piece of this opus. He works like a cantor. He works like the project manager. But he is not actor, he is not good at making small directories, is he? Why is he so important and shining? Is he the single hero in this big team?

Actually, no. He has his duty. That is all. And his duty works as a team, too. He is not alone. He is standing out for speak out, for interview. Of course, he is good at doing his duty. Being a better yourself is easier than finding your teammates. What a pity! Not everyone has the opportunity. But, I can plan for team as if there is a team of me. I will try later. See you next day.

2018.8.12