---
author: ting
title: "Stop Changing Everyday"

---


Sorry. I make a mistake. No exact planning and low efficient makes me out of date. But it will not help to kick off me. I am willing to change and embrace advancing. Learn quickly, but not scheduled, might leading quickly quit, making things in a mess. That is why I am late today.

So, where is the agenda? Nope. I don’t know which comes first, life or learning. Of course, life. Is it true? I find that it is easy to be always focusing on small things. Yesterday you put A first, then you put B first today. Why is it happening? Life is changing, and what about your goals?

Well, nothing comes strange. I forget to take my headphone, neither earphone. On one hand, I ask my friend the English words to explain the tool which can be used to listen music or voice by push the metal head into Walkman, computer and so on, or just turn on the Bluetooth. Then I receive the answer “Er Chicken”, translating from Chinese words. That is funny really. Creative! But what is next? Oh, I come to learning something. And I forget to prepare my tools and myself. That is not funny. On the other hand, I try to download the videos, so it seems being more convenient to learn later on. But the WLAN works not well. I have to take care of it from time to time. It is pretty troublesome. Wasting lot of time! Just be waiting for the time-out errors. That is funny, too. Is not it?

All you will see, I do litter to push myself toward my goal. Even, I forget it at all. Why am I doing silly things like that? It is my life. It is.

What should I do to improve myself? And my life? I feel sad about myself. Since it is not happy outside and inside, there is one choice to choose. Do what you are doing first. And live a simple life first. Stop changing everyday. See you next day.

2018.8.7