---
title: "To Be Needed"
---

Happiness come with the checking out of the to-do lists. And gone with it, too. The energy of a normal person is too small to be played with for long enough. Especially when I own so little. Nothing to be done. What should be done next?

First, do the hunting. To find more interests and questions. Even the things that has no priority yesterday. Today is to do all the things can be done, or could be done, or should be done? It will takes long time to judge if it should or not. Anyway, do the larger scale checking out first. Because there is no first thing first now.

Second, do the helping. It's a long way when I turn to the family. And it's a much much much longer way when I turn to the earth. All of those would never be done by me. It is quite sure. I am only a normal human. No millionaire. No super.

So, it is quite clear. Do myself first, including living, explore the world., speak out freely. Then I can do the things which would benefit others as many as possible. The second things can never be done. New matters come out every second.

Life is nothing but two ways talked about above. What about gain more energy if someone lives on full speed? Maybe that's why there are crimes, and unfair affairs. Money, power, source, boys, girls, animals...Chasing will be fun. Life is pretty boring when it is talked about above. And the time could never be spare happily any more.

Well. There is still one more reason to smile, that's the game of life. Everyone came to this world with specific baby fund and some of us are totally different. The difference varies from the color of skin to the number of mosquitoes flying around. No body knows who begins the game. And you came here, I came here, too. But the game could have no object. The story is being told day by day, of course, I can fight for myself, for my family, also, I can stand by quietly.

2019.7.10