---
author: ting
title: "What to do When Free Comes"
---

Free is a word, also it can be a status. No job. No hurry. Just do what you can do. And what to do next? It becomes too strange suddenly to figure out what dream could be made. Do the hobbies matter? Am I still interested in the things?

If there is no need to make money any more. What are really matters? Happiness. It would be one of the possible answers. Of course, food, water, shelter, lover or social events are matters, too. What about family?

Let's suppose that family are gone with mind. Also all people are gone. So everyone just think about itself's freedom. Just live for itself. Maybe it would be the base rule of the "Free" talked about here. Now, it is quite clear that free is a word, a status, a topic with specific limitations, and a question waiting to be answered.

Some hobbies are broken out and rebuilt, then broken and rebuilt again and again. It seems to be kind of struggle with humanity. And the interests are not totally different, but almost there. I used to be very happy when I was in college or say university. I just read what I want and choose the courses I want or accept. And now something comes back.

But now, without thinking about making more money or faster, things change faster, days last longer and shorter. If I find the bulks of things to do, time flies away. If I am search for the next things to be added into the real to-do list, time sings. Many others change, too. Some ideas jumps out from old corners. Some are thought over and there're new attitudes to those old words. My life changes actually, in many aspects. I smile, laugh, cry, shout, at any time as I want.

It becomes more easy to pick up one and throw away it. More feeling and releasing if something is missed or destroyed. Things are really building or delaying. I will not take much responsibly since I am living freely, and  I follow my heart only.

2019.7.8